Well, good evening, family.
Early morning, almost, for a lot of you.
I'm going to go over some of the things the Lord showed me in the last prayer video.
Was that something else?
When I have those experiences and I'm able to see like that, they forever change my life.
When you see the Father and His heart for the people, and there's just so much love and compassion that He has for every single one of us.
I love my sweatshirt—Diana got it for me.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I told her, 'Thanks, babe.
' She got that for me from church.
So, let's just go over the things the Lord has been showing us in prayer.
I want Braden to play this video, but let me pray over the atmosphere.
I need to pray.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your angelic host.
I thank You, Lord, that they're watching over me.
They're protecting me, Father, as I do my live stream.
Thank You, Lord, that it's all to Jesus.
We surrender all to Him.
We freely give.
And we thank You, Father, for Your presence on this live stream tonight.
Father, we enter into Your throne room boldly.
I know it's late, Lord, but there's no time limit in the spirit realm.
And I know it's more active in the night than a lot of times in the day, it seems.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for this time.
I ask You, Father, that it would bless the people and they would be refreshed and uplifted and they would walk away changed, never the same, in Jesus' name—uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And God, we give You the glory, honor, and praise.
I want to show you what happened last night.
This is not a coincidence.
This is a big deal.
And am I saying it's this event?
No.
But I think there are never any coincidences.
I'm just going to tell you there are very strong similarities to what I saw in the spirit concerning Trump and what happened last night.
And as we have prayed for President Trump, I believe the fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much.
I want you to see this that Braden made.
I'm so proud of him.
He works so hard.
So I want you to play this, buddy, and show them what we prayed over and what we saw in the spirit and then what happened last night.
I see this glass that looks like it has gold at the top.
There's gold at the top of this glass.
That's actual real gold.
It's like a golden glass goblet—like crystal.
Fine crystal.
I see chandeliers.
He's wearing a black tie.
He's wearing a black tuxedo again.
He has something in his hand; looks like a drink.
Men are in black tuxedos.
They're all dressed up very nice.
We pray protection over President Trump, over every party, over every get-together, any kind of celebration.
You said we could eat or drink any deadly thing and it would not harm us.
All I saw was a cup with the gold, and I saw the drink and I saw the food and I saw the party and I saw everybody dressed up.
And then I saw him taking it to his lips.
And then I saw him having a massive heart attack.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over his food.
Pray over his drink.
Pray over the parties.
Pray over him as he has these get-togethers.
' So, instantaneously you can add to it and say, 'Well, they're probably going to try to poison him.
' I don't know; that's not what the Lord said.
All I saw was a cup with the gold, the drink, the food, the party, and everyone dressed up, and then I saw him taking it to his lips and then he went down.
So we see the gold cup.
I just thought it was pretty interesting because the prince was there, and what have I told you about that man and what have I said so many times?
He's going to come out very strong in the days ahead and he will become a big leader concerning the two-state solution and the things that will bring about the end.
Why do I believe this man that was at the White House that had a trillion-dollar deal with the United States of America?
That's very interesting.
I said he will come out very strong in the days ahead.
Braden hasn't had time to make that video, but I've spoken it so many times.
I've warned you about this man.
So, who else was at the party last night?
Very interesting that he would come out of the woodwork as I've told you—he is a rat.
He's right there, folks.
And what did I tell you he does?
He met the prince for the first time last night.
They're all buddies.
Donald Trump introduced him, 'Hey, look at my friend over here, Elon.
' You know, one of the richest men in the world.
And I said Elon will create the communication to the mark of the beast, which is called Starlink.
When I went to tribulation with the Lord, I told you all that the drones fly all around the world and they communicate not with 5G but with satellites, with Starlink, because there's no 5G all over the place and it's going to be global.
That man right there, which is Elon Musk, is meeting the prince, who I believe, in my opinion from what I believe the Lord has showed me, is the Antichrist.
And that man right there next to him will be his helper.
A thousand people said, 'Brandon, is Elon Musk the Antichrist?
' I said no, but he's buddies with him.
He will create the beast system with the chip and with the Starlink that communicates to the chip and the chip communicates to the satellite.
All of it is internet; it's all going to be part of the end-time thing.
But they're becoming friends all of a sudden, shaking hands, bumping fists.
I'm waiting for these moments, but it happened to be on the night that he would be at the White House making a trillion-dollar deal and all this is going on and they're talking about a two-state solution, talking about how we've got to have peace.
The Abraham Accords and the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're going to see an acceleration of end-time events coming in the days ahead.
' That was a couple weeks ago.
And it will be an acceleration of things.
Agreements will be made.
And here we see agreements being made.
What was said, do you think, behind closed doors?
If we could just be a fly on the wall, what was said privately?
Then we see Zelensky come out and the army saying, 'Hey, we need to have meetings over here.
We need to talk about peace, too.
' And all the things.
We've prayed against the Tomahawk missiles.
We've prayed against the escalation of war.
We keep interceding for things.
But as we see all this stuff rapidly changing, folks, I'm trying to tell you as loud as I can—and people go, 'Brandon, you discourage me because you're talking about 2028 or 2029.
You're praying about these time frames.
' Folks, it is a blink of an eye.
We're about to enter into 2026 in just five or seven weeks.
We have no time left of this year.
This year is gone, 2025.
And so, we're entering into 2026.
Even sister Billy, when I talked to her today, she said, 'What's the Lord talking about for 2026, Brandon?
' We're praying over things; she's talking about what the Lord's showing her and what they're believing God for.
You know, you've got to start now.
We cannot just wait until what I believe is 2028.
Right now is the harvest time.
It's time for the church to wake up.
God gives the church time and time again, but they're asleep.
He knows what it takes to get people motivated.
Major events happen a lot, like we saw with Charlie Kirk back in August or September.
It takes a lot to turn a cruise ship.
It takes a lot to turn things, and that's what we're doing right now through prayer.
This is a very serious time.
I see these events taking place at the White House with everything I saw in the visions, and the Lord said, "Donald Trump must finish his race.
I have much for him to do.
You must pray for his safety.
You must pray for his health, for there are assignments on his life.
" There are assignments and a list of people from MS-13 and the cartel and all the darkness that we've talked about, with them saying that they want to make a hit list on all these major politicians and judges and all their evil schemes.
But as I was speaking and talking about the president of Mexico, Claudia—I warned you about Claudia and I said she is deep in with the cartel.
That's how they get to the top—never mind, it doesn't matter.
I try to be as tactful as I can; I have children watching.
But what I'm trying to tell you all is the Lord said people don't just get to the top down there.
This is something very dark.
But I want to show you what this woman has—this woman has guts.
This woman has a backbone like a crowbar.
She's standing for her nation.
I don't know who she is, but she's on Fox News.
And she has a target on her now because of what she's about to tell you.
I want you to play this.
I want you to know this is what I was seeing.
Remember what I told you.
Cuba and Venezuela—those two countries for sure—the Lord said mules are coming from there, and there are alliances with Mexico concerning the cartel and major corruption with finances that involve the Mexican government, and this involved Santeria, and it was a dark witchcraft over the nation.
The Lord said, "I'm going to shake these nations and I'm going to bring a great revival in Venezuela and Cuba, and I'm going to liberate my people just like I did to the children of Israel.
" If you will just believe, the greatest revival we've ever seen is about to take place in South America, Africa, across the globe.
We'll get into that even more in just a bit.
But I want you to hear what this woman says that put a target on her back.
This is serious.
So go ahead and play that, baby.
The president of Mexico is furious.
She's calling Mexican Senator Lilly Téllez a traitor for coming on Fox News with me a few days ago and saying this: "Listen, the help from the United States to fight the cartels in Mexico is absolutely welcome.
And that is how the majority of Mexicans feel.
The only ones who don't like that President Trump is sending help and trying to support Mexicans against the cartels are the narco-politicians.
That includes President Sheinbaum.
" Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum responded, saying, "It's not a minor issue that a senator gave an interview to a foreign media outlet calling for intervention.
" Here to discuss is that Mexican Senator Lilly Téllez.
Senator Téllez, welcome to Fox News.
I'm just going to get right to it.
Is Mexico a narco-state?
"Yes, it is.
And we all Mexicans know about it.
And Mexicans are afraid of the alliance between the Mexican government and the cartels that have infested our nation.
" Can you explain this alliance between the president, her party, the Morena party, and the cartels?
"Yes.
The party has financed—the cartels have given so much money to these narco-politicians of Morena to get into office to get the power.
So the Mexican government protects the cartels.
That is why President Sheinbaum doesn't want the strong American leadership to help Mexico defeat the cartels.
And also Sheinbaum doesn't want the rest of the world to know what is happening here in Mexico.
We are on the steps to be the next Venezuela.
She is aligned with Venezuela's dictator with Cuba, and we are losing our country.
They have destroyed our republican institutions, the democratic state.
I think we all Mexicans want and welcome the support of the United States to assist Mexican people against the cartels that have us all in this crisis with the traffic on fentanyl and migrants.
" Her response to this—and I know this because her spokesperson came on our show in response to your interview—and they say, "Well, we just turned over 26 cartel members.
We're working.
" It's good enough.
You get the point.
This is exactly what we've been seeing before any of this came out, before the uprising and protesting.
We saw this as a family way before.
And the Lord keeps saying, "Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba in the days ahead.
Watch Venezuela.
Watch these places because there's mules coming from these places.
" I saw even biological things coming in the middle of the night.
Remember, does anybody remember the dragon that was purple, a light purple, a lavender, and it had white around its eyes, and it came up out of the water three times?
This is symbolic.
These are the things that I know the Lord is speaking about that are in code, that are metaphors.
He's warning about something, kind of like the flowers that we'll talk about in a little bit.
Folks, this is exactly why we're called to pray.
This is somebody who has guts.
She's bold to stand against the cartel and warn about what's going on with the corruption in her government because she's in danger.
So we need to pray for her safety.
It's serious.
This is a very serious issue that the Lord has showed us about the smuggling and the trafficking of children.
And the Lord showed us underground tunnels on the border wall with children coming up through California, and Gavin turning his head toward it like he didn't care because he knew it was going on, but they're just going to turn a blind eye to it.
And the Lord said, "These children are being trafficked through California, going up the highway, the coast all the way up, and I saw them being distributed even out into Japan and other parts of Asia.
" Do you remember that?
Does anybody remember that?
I know we see a lot.
The Lord is so gracious to us.
He's so wonderful that he would show us the things he does to warn us of that which is to come, and we see it in part.
We hear in part.
I'm not saying I see everything.
But isn't Jesus wonderful for what he does show us?
And we know that they are smuggling these kids for pedophilia rings and all kinds of things.
The Lord told us there's this darkness, and he said that there was a brand new STD coming on the scene that would make people eunuchs, and a grave infection would set in and would cause them to rot in their genitals.
And it would be grotesque and very painful for what's about to take place.
For he said, "You've touched the children and I'm done with this.
And there will be a new transmitted—" And I saw it spreading through Canada.
I saw it spreading through places.
Does anybody remember that?
And it was vile.
What the Lord showed me was vile.
It looked disgusting.
And I just want to warn you all that's not changed.
That was back in March, I believe, when the Lord showed us all this stuff.
And here we see somebody very important standing and saying the exact same thing that we heard from the spirit of God clear back in the spring of this year.
All right.
So there's that part of it.
Was there anything else you want to show?
No, I don't think so.
All right.
You sure?
I sure love you, buddy.
We had this guy right here.
Remember, he was saying that he became a cop or something and then he didn't have to have a license.
I want to show you one more thing that I think is just crazy.
This is a man that is an illegal immigrant who has come to our country.
You see, if you come over illegally, it's illegal for a reason because we have laws of the land.
So this man right here, I want you to see this little clip.
This is alarming.
This is the stuff that's going on—the corruption in our government, the corruption in the blue states.
What happened in Illinois?
This is important.
You all need to know this stuff's going on.
Go ahead and play this.
So, how long have you been a police officer?
Since January 8th.
Just to confirm though, they hired you and you had work authorization, correct?
And you were able to carry a firearm?
No.
On duty?
Yes.
Off duty?
No.
Location.
So on duty you could carry a firearm.
In the state of Illinois, you need a FOID and a CCW to carry a weapon off duty.
But on duty you could.
Correct.
Wow.
You know what's crazy about this is I don't know anything about him other than he says he loves America.
The problem is he's not even a citizen.
So he can't own a firearm legally in our country.
But he's being given a firearm by the state of Illinois as a police officer.
And apparently, all you have to have is work authorization.
That is insane.
You haven't even sworn allegiance to our country yet, and yet we're giving you a firearm.
Now this guy may be a great guy, but how many others are working in our country as police officers who aren't great guys?
I don't know if that bothers you, but it bothered me.
That's insanity to me.
You're giving somebody that can't even legally buy a firearm a badge and a gun and telling him he can be a police officer in our country, and he's not even a legal citizen.
He just got over here and he said, 'I started in January.
' Now he's been a police officer all this time.
And I'm thinking, you're arresting people.
I don't know.
Does that just bother me?
Did anybody else know this kind of stuff's going on?
It's just interesting to me.
I don't try to be a drama person, but I try to bring light to the darkness that's going on in our nation and why we are called to pray as a family.
The importance of us coming together and assembling ourselves on this channel and praying for the nations, praying for that which is to come.
Now, I'm going to hurry because I've already been 20 minutes.
So, let's go over this last vision.
Does anybody want to talk about what I saw?
That was a 'wow'.
As we were praying at the end of the broadcast, I felt in my spirit to keep praying.
I just felt inside the Lord wasn't done.
But as we kept pushing, I went over and I started going into a different kind of a tongue.
And the Lord told me, 'I'm going to start to work with you with interpretation of tongues, and it will start out small, and it will grow and grow, and you'll understand when it's at a full manifestation.
You'll understand everything in detail of what you're praying in the spirit just by hearing it.
' And it will be like you press in and the Lord reveals and I hear the words—I hear what he's saying in my spirit.
But in this, when I'm praying in the spirit, he said, 'You'll start to interpret all of it.
' But as I was praying two days ago, I saw Jesus and he was wearing a beautiful robe like he always does, but he had a drum around his neck and he started drumming like a drummer boy.
But he was drumming the drum and it was like a cry to come.
Last time it was a horn and his voice turned into a horn, but this time it was making a noise like a drum.
But he was marching with it and he went up to the first house and he was in Sweden.
The Lord said, 'I'm in Europe.
' I saw it was in Europe.
And as the Lord would go to the houses, he went to each individual home and he was knocking on the door of the heart of the individual and he was inviting them to follow him.
'Will you follow me?
Will you be a part of this end-time army?
' And as he would knock on the door, the people would open the door and they would be so excited to see that it was the Lord.
I saw these old cottages with old wooden doors and Jesus would summon them, 'Come follow me, come follow me.
' And they would get in line, one after another, and he went to each door and he was walking through this valley of life with green grass all around.
I could see at the top of the mountains—the mountains were massive like the Swiss Alps, massive, beautiful snow-capped mountains.
And he was walking through this valley, but there were houses all along the way.
And Jesus would go up and knock on each and every single door.
Now, some of the doors that he walked up to looked dilapidated.
The shutters on the house were falling off.
They looked like the hinges were broken.
There were cobwebs in the corners.
The lights weren't on in the house.
And as he knocked on the house, no one would answer.
So he looked around and looked at the house and he glanced at the eaves.
He glanced at everything.
And I saw him looking.
He was looking at the ground and he was waiting patiently and no one would come to the door and all of a sudden he turned away and just kept on marching.
He kept beating his drum.
And as he went to each house, the people would line up behind him.
Some of them had shorts and overalls on that were German, and I don't remember the name of them, but these people had nice cut hair and they were all excited.
Some of them had bigger bellies than others, like all of us.
Lederhosen?
Lederhosen.
Thanks.
They were wearing those because he was going through Europe.
I don't even know if people still wear that.
Isn't it neat?
But as he was walking on the path, it looked like a yellow brick road, but it wasn't.
It was cobblestone.
And I could see each stone was beautifully cut as he was walking through this valley.
There were flowers and daffodils on the side of the road.
And there were patches of them and they were all beautifully blooming and so beautiful.
And as he walked down the path, the flowers would bow down before him.
And all the flowers would lay prostrate on the ground, and then as he walked by, they all raised back up.
But as our King Jesus walked by, even the flowers would bow down before our Father.
You know the Bible says that if we don't praise him, the rocks will cry out.
But I know that all creation gives praise to our King—the birds of the air, the lily of the valley.
He is the lily of the valley.
He is the fairest of ten thousand.
And as I saw the waterfalls falling off the cliffs and the mountains and the snow caps because it looked like it was turning into spring, the Lord said, 'I want you to pay attention to these flowers for it is symbolic of something.
' He said, 'Look into it.
' So I've had so many people try to help.
What does the daffodil represent?
This is a representation of spring coming.
The Holy Ghost is telling me a great harvest is coming.
As I saw the people marching through the valley, joining up with Jesus in a single file line, following our friend, following our king, our maker, as he was going through the valley.
As I watched him, he went all through Europe to each place.
Then he went through the Middle East, down through Africa, through South America, and through America.
He went around and was knocking on every one of our hearts: 'Will you let me in?
Will you accept me as Lord and Savior?
' But he was a gentleman about it.
He waited a little bit.
He looked around to see if the person would answer the door, but he didn't force his way in.
He didn't knock the door down and say, 'You're getting saved, buddy.
Get out here.
Come on.
We're going.
' He waited patiently to see if they would answer.
But as he waited, he sat there with expectation on his face.
'Will you just let me in?
I want to be your savior.
I want you to follow me.
Come follow me.
' I figured this is how he did it with the disciples.
'Come follow me.
I'll make you a fisher of men.
Come follow me, Matthew.
' And as he would go through the towns and the places, the disciples followed him.
'Will you be a disciple of Jesus Christ?
' That's what I believe that vision was.
It was so beautiful and so detailed.
It changed me.
But as it kept going, I heard, 'Woe, woe, woe, America.
Woe, woe, woe, Miami.
Woe, woe, woe, Los Angeles.
' I saw a tsunami wave coming.
I saw great destruction coming.
There was an arrow that went from Miami all the way across the country to Los Angeles.
As I was looking into this vision that the Lord was allowing me to see, I saw dead fish everywhere.
I have never seen anything like this before.
The very waters were all polluted with a red sludge.
There were so many dead fish, whales, octopus—all of it.
Everything was floating on the top.
Disgusting.
All dead.
It was as far as the eye could see.
It wasn't just on the shoreline, but they were dead all throughout the water.
The water was littered with dead fish.
I don't think any of them were alive.
In the vision, I saw islands: Haiti, Jamaica, Grand Cayman, all of them.
I was looking toward the south-southeast.
As I was looking down, I could see the people, and there was so much stench and a raw flesh smell.
People were so sick on those islands because of all the dead fish.
It was causing disease and the smell.
You could smell it in the vision.
That's how tangible this vision was.
I could see the dead fish washing on the shore, and the government didn't know what to do with them.
People didn't know what to do because they were all washing in and you couldn't control it.
There were literally hundreds of millions, if not billions, of dead fish everywhere—even Hawaii, Honolulu.
I saw it all over.
Then I saw Mark Zuckerberg, but his hair was a lot puffier.
He was down in a bunker in the middle of the island.
He was down in a fraidy hole, like a silo.
I could see lights on around him.
But as I panned across, the Lord allowed me to see people hiding in caves.
I heard, 'The great and terrible day of the Lord.
' Suddenly, I saw farmers, and they had their overalls, but all the land was not producing.
There was great drought and famine.
I could see them looking toward the south and the east, but they had a discouragement upon their faces like, 'What are we going to do?
' As I looked to the sky, I saw the sky all around us was on fire.
There was smoke and ash and flame in the air from volcanoes that were going off everywhere.
I could see the smoke blotting out the sun, but the sun was trying to shine through.
The ground was charred.
Something looked wrong with the ground in this vision.
As I looked to the east, I saw four massive angels in the water.
I saw a massive waterfall coming out of the belly of the angels, pouring into the water below.
The water was going into the oceans.
Their skin was not skin; it looked like rain.
You know whenever you see rain falling in the distance, and you can see blue streaks in the sky?
That's the way the skin looked on these angels.
There was no real tangibility; it was all rain, but there was an outline.
The entire being of the angel was rain, a storm, and there was a major waterfall coming out of them, pouring into the ocean.
I knew they were angels.
Their faces had no features—it was just black around their eyes.
You could get lost in that darkness.
I've never seen anything like it.
I saw one angel take a long pipe from his hand and put it to his lips.
As he blew into this horn-looking thing, I said, 'It doesn't look like a ram's horn, like a shofar.
' It was a long piece of golden pipe.
As he blew into it, the whole earth shook.
Not just one place had an earthquake, but as he blew into this horn, all of the earth shook at once.
I heard the scripture: 'The earth will rock and reel like a drunkard.
' The whole earth was trembling.
He said, 'There will be no place to hide to escape the wrath to come, son.
For they will hide in the caves and in their ditches, and they will not get away from the wrath which is to come.
For this is the great and terrible day of the Lord.
' As I looked across, I could see all of New York burning with fire.
I could see a tsunami wave rushing into Miami.
I could see all of the volcanoes in Hawaii going off at once.
It was mass destruction.
The whole earth was shaking violently, and they were wanting to hide in the caves and the rocks.
They were fearful, but there was nothing they could do because the judgment was set.
Dead fish were everywhere.
There were no birds flying in the air because of the smoke.
The grass was charred; everything looked burned up.
I looked around at those farmers in their overalls, and they were very worried.
This really bothered me.
I didn't want to do a livestream last night.
I told Diana, 'I'm going to meditate on this more and pray.
Don't be so quick to make videos.
' I had to process what I'd seen.
I saw those angels and they really tripped me out.
Diana said, 'I want to read Revelation to you, chapter 8.
' She said there were four angels, and seven altogether, but four first and then three for a later time.
And she goes, "Do you think this is what you were seeing, honey?
" I said, "I don't know, babe.
All I know is I saw these angels blowing these horns and all this stuff going on.
" She goes, "Do you think it was the four coming out of the Euphrates River because they were water?
" So, I don't know.
All I know is that I am in awe.
I'm in awe that God would allow me to see something like that.
I thought it was really cool about the souls and all this stuff, but when I saw all this stuff happening with the sea again—the sea—and then the seas and the waves will roar.
Remember that?
And it was above the water; it was a sound.
It wasn't that they were moving; it was deafeningly loud as the angel blew his horn.
It was something upon the water.
It sounded like you hear a tornado or a freight train.
You can hear a train coming in the distance—that loud train coming, not the horn.
It sounded like a loud noise, but it was deafening.
It was so loud, and it was on the face of the water of the world.
The seas and the waves were roaring.
It was loud; it was a noise.
All I know to tell you is that we're running out of time.
As I see these things and I see the days approach, the Lord keeps warning me to tell you over and over again: it's time for you to come to Jesus.
I say it over and over again and people say, "Brandon, why do you keep doing this?
" Because there's an urgency in my spirit to warn you over and over again that you're running out of time.
I don't know the time frame that Jesus Christ will come.
No man knows the day or the hour, but we see that the time frame is speeding up.
We can see, we can feel it.
There's an urgency in the air.
And my question for you is: do you know him?
But more importantly, does he know you?
I say this over and over again because it's so important as we keep going on with this channel and the Lord keeps showing us things more and more.
It shakes me, and I have such an urgency to warn the people that 2026 will be the year of 1 Corinthians 5:5.
And there will be so many people that have the seedtime and harvest accelerated that he doesn't want any of us to go to hell.
He wants all of us to come to repentance.
And it's time for the church to wake up because he said to me again, "Judgment begins in my house first.
Brandon, judgment begins in my house first.
It's time to come to Jesus.
It's time.
" But he is knocking on your heart even again tonight.
Do you know my friend Jesus?
You may be here tonight and you say, "Brandon, I hear you and you really scared me.
" I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you.
I'm trying to tell you of what's to come.
And if you don't know my friend Jesus, you're in trouble.
The Bible said there's no other way to the Father except through him.
People said, "Brandon, I want to serve Buddha and Jesus.
" I got the emails this way.
"I want to serve Buddha and Jesus.
I love Buddha and I love Jesus.
Can I serve both?
" And my answer to you is: no, you can't.
There are no other gods before him.
Even the Ten Commandments—everything that the Bible says—God is a jealous God.
It's all about him.
You serve Jesus only.
There are no other gods before him.
Those are false gods.
He is the one and only God.
He is true God.
Buddha is a false god.
Muhammad is a false god.
Jesus is the only way.
So my answer to you is no.
You cannot serve Buddha and Jesus.
Why would you want to?
Buddha's dead.
Jesus is alive.
Muhammad's dead.
He rose again.
He died for you.
He suffered greatly so that you don't have to go to hell.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You must know Jesus.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
So my question to you tonight: do you know him?
And if you don't, I want to say a simple prayer for you.
It's easy.
But tonight, the Lord is knocking on your heart.
He's giving you an opportunity to come to him.
After I tell you all that, how could you not?
He loves you.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
He's saying, "Will you let me in?
Or will you be one of the ones that didn't open the door for him?
" So, tonight, I'm going to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to be bold about your decision.
I want you to tell us in the comment section down below; tell us right now, "I want to be saved.
I want Jesus to be my Lord and personal Savior.
I want to sell out to him tonight.
I want to turn my back on the world.
I'm ready.
Tonight's my night.
" Tonight's your night for salvation.
The very shoes you put on today that you thought you were going to go home in that night, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one is promised tomorrow.
No one is promised the next five hours from now.
I'm telling you it's time to come to Jesus today.
You're running out of time.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer and I want you to say it with me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I want you to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me for all I've done.
Forgive me for all the wrong I've done, for all the things I've done bad.
Wash me.
Make me clean.
Jesus, from this day forward, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you with all my heart.
I'll serve you, Father.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
From this day forward, I'm sold out to you, and I want you to be the captain of my ship.
Thank you, Father.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a fresh, clean start in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
" I believe if you just said that prayer, you just got born again.
Now, what do you do?
You find a Bible-believing church.
My wife and I go to a non-denominational church.
We have an amazing church.
We love to go to Glorious Church Fellowship.
Pastor Chip and Candace, we attend there a lot.
And I love our pastors.
I want you to find a good Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in there.
Tell the pastor wherever you choose to go, "I want to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Get plugged in there.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, wherever you go.
Go to prayer.
Whatever they have, get plugged in.
Get excited about your walk with the Lord, for you just made the greatest decision ever.
Now read your Bible.
Pray every day.
Come on in here and pray with us.
I've got like 400 videos now.
You can go back in my archives and watch them and pray and just feed your spirit.
We're all a work in progress, folks.
When we stumble and we fall, if we skin our knees again, we don't run from God when we sin.
We run to God.
The moment you mess up and sin, your sin is none of the devil's business from now on.
You belong to Jesus.
So you say, "Hey, I messed up.
Father, I need help.
" He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He'll never leave you and he'll never forsake you.
Lo, unto the end of the earth, he said he'd be with us always.
We run to God when we sin.
We don't run from him.
So, that's what I want to tell y'all.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible, we want to celebrate your decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ.
We're a little behind.
There's been a lot of salvations lately, so I want you to be patient, but we will get you your Bible.
Go and email us down below.
Say, "I just got born again.
" Now, this is not giving out Bibles to people just because you want one and you want me to autograph it.
There's people saying, 'Please autograph the Bible.
' I've been watching your channel.
No, this is for people who got born again on the channel and have given their heart to Jesus Christ through my ministry.
And we want to give it—not that I'm giving you a hundred Bibles so you can give it out to people on the streets.
That's not what I'm saying because there's so many of you doing that.
I want to tell you we're doing this for the people who got saved and born again on this channel.
So, we want to be a blessing to those who got saved and born again on the channel, not for the people who want to give Bibles out to the streets.
Now, you can talk to your local pastor or wherever you go and ask them to support that.
But my wife and I are able to financially afford the people who are coming to our channel to get saved and be a part of this.
So, I don't mean any disrespect, but I'm just letting you all know we love you and we understand your heart.
We're excited you're excited about giving out Bibles to people.
So, that's what we had to say.
But all 49 of you, thank you.
We're excited and welcome to the family.
Welcome to the family.
God bless you all.
Isn't that exciting, Braden?
Yeah.
The devil just lost a great sinner tonight.
The devil just lost a good sinner.
All 49 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ, thank you for watching and thank you for being here.
Now, we're going to go to the other part of this.
Who wants to go tubing for a little bit?
It's not real late.
I did that pretty quick—all 5200 of you.
46 minutes or so.
Almost an hour.
It's 50 minutes, but I went over the video really good for you.
So, did that bless you all?
You got to hear; I got to give you more detail.
Hopefully, it did.
It blessed me.
Boy, I told Diana, I said that was wow.
It shook me inside.
Those four angels were spooky.
I was thinking, 'What in the world is that angel skin that looks like rain?
' And the four doves.
That was interesting.
Oh, and the four doves again.
I saw the four doves and they were circling.
And you know what's interesting about these four doves?
Every single time I see these four doves, they're lit up with glory.
The light is shining on them and they are almost like they're transparent.
They're so bright with the glory.
They're shining and they do a dance and they circle like a tornado.
And one is going here and the other.
And they go in and out like that.
All four.
And they all do like this.
And when they get halfway down, they dispatch.
They go and they disappear like that.
Every single time.
And I think that's pretty cool.
I always look at it and go, 'Man, when I'm looking at that vision, I'm like, what are those doves doing?
' But they all are spinning and they're circling and they like this thing.
And what's interesting too is it looks like some other kind of white particles.
I don't know what they are, but they almost look like rose petals.
When the doves are doing that, there's other little white—you know how you can drop a flower petal and it floats or it even falls, but it's like a feather?
It's like it glides down.
And as these doves do that, these white-looking petals or feathers or whatever they are are floating down beside them kind of like snow, but they're thick and they're big.
And I can see them floating with them as they go down and they just disappear and it's like it spreads.
So I always think that's interesting because they do it every single time.
I've seen that.
How many times have I seen that now, babe?
Yeah, you've seen it quite a bit.
Three, four, or five times?
I mean, a lot.
It's a lot.
Braden always told me it's a lot.
It's like four or five of those things.
I always say that it's over the top.
My son, he keeps track of everything pretty good.
I told him, I said, 'Braden, I'm proud of you.
' He archives all the visions I have, all the things the Lord gives me.
Braden keeps a list of it and really tries to archive it and make sure, and he logs it and makes sure, and he goes back to it and he knows immediately.
He never forgets the words.
He even remembers the words I don't remember.
And he goes, 'Don't you remember this?
' And he'll go back, 'This is the date.
' And he goes through it.
I go, 'Wow, God gave you a gift.
' So, very, very talented young man.
I told him, I said, 'Well, okay, praise the Lord.
' I remember, so okay, does anyone have any questions about it?
He said there's no longer a day—any of them will come today.
Yep, that's what he said.
He said there's no longer a day of time.
There's no longer a day.
He was talking about the timeframe that this dispensation of grace is coming in; the sun is setting on this dispensation.
It's—the day is over.
We're out of time.
The hourglass, the sand, there was nothing left in it.
I've seen it several times.
You know how you turn a sandglass and it's pouring down?
You see the sand is—there's nothing left.
And some people get so upset about three years.
What I'm praying for.
Some people get so upset even if it was 10 years.
That is nothing.
Like I said, this year went by so fast.
I'm like, we need more time.
Honestly, I want to see more people get born again.
Okay, it's back.
Is it back?
It's back.
Are you sure?
Is it unplugged?
Back.
Is it back, guys?
Is it back?
Did I lose y'all?
The devil's such an idiot.
Yep, you're back.
I am.
Okay, you can see me.
Yep, I see you're back.
How did that happen?
I don't know.
I hate him.
The phone restarted.
How long was I gone?
What did I say last?
Do they remember what I was saying?
Devil, you let go of this stuff and you get out of here.
Like I said, we need more time.
Honestly, I want to see more people get born again.
I'm thankful for all 49 of you, but we need a bigger net.
That's what I said.
I was talking about the souls coming in.
So, we need more.
It's exciting.
It's what's on—the harvest is the Father's heart.
Nothing else matters.
Finances don't matter.
I'm telling you the most important thing to our Lord, our Savior, is the soul of man, His children.
Nothing else matters.
He wants every one of us to come to Him.
And as a good father should, He's always looking.
He's always looking in the backfield.
When I saw those sheep running and His face was longing for some of those people that were so lost and so bound by the enemy.
And He was looking at them and He wanted so badly that they all come to repentance, all of them.
And I'll never forget His face sometime.
He looks like He's longing.
He's like, 'I want those people.
' But everybody has free will.
Everybody has free will.
You have free will.
So we pray for President Trump.
I thought that was really interesting who all was at the White House and we pray for him.
We pray for his protection whether that's this party.
But isn't that interesting, the gold cups like that?
They said, 'Well, Brandon, I don't know if that's something that's protocol or if it was a special occasion.
' I mean, isn't that amazing?
The gold at the top, it's thick, just like the vision.
Everything was perfect.
It was all—and I thought, isn't that amazing?
Detail is important to me, how He shows us detail to pray.
You'll have to make that a Short and put that on X.
Yeah.
The cups.
Oh, yes.
So we pray for everything else is important.
So all right, who wants to go praying now?
Father, I thank you, Father, for your body that was broken for us.
Lord, we thank you for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
I thank you, Father, for this video.
I thank you, Father, for the people that are here tonight.
And we call healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies.
There's so many people that are dealing with so much right now, Lord, and they just need hope.
They just need fresh air.
They just need a breath of fresh air.
They just need to know, Father, that you've not left them.
You've not forsaken them.
And Father, I thank you that they don't become weary in well-doing.
Many of them are going through divorces.
Many of them have wayward children.
Many of them are having hard times even in their marriage and want a divorce.
But either way, Father, you bring that fresh touch to their lives, and you restore what the cankerworm had tried to eat.
I believe, God, that you're a restorer.
You said we could call back double what the devil stole.
And I want to say that to the people who said, 'Well, the Lord allowed Job to go through all that.
' I want you to go look at what the Bible says: that which Job feared the most came upon him.
God didn't do that.
God didn't have a covenant with Job.
There was no covenant; Abraham hadn't come; none of that stuff had happened yet.
Do you understand?
There's so much to that.
People always quote, 'Well, Job went through all this.
' There was no authority of the believer.
There was nothing.
We're under authority.
We have authority over the devil.
We're underneath a whole different thing now.
And I'm going to tell you this: there's no sickness in heaven.
God does not put sickness on His people.
God does not.
But that which Job feared the most came on him.
He opened the door through fear.
Fear is faith in the ability of that which is to come.
You have more faith in the ability of the devil doing that than God to protect you.
And Job sacrificed over and over and over again.
Worried about his kids, worried about all this stuff.
And that which he feared the most came on him.
He opened the door through fear.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
We lift up the body before you.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our president.
Thank you, Lord, that he had the same gold cup in his hand and nothing shall by any means hurt him.
Thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for his life, and that you would show us the cups; you would show us mercy.
You showed us the prince.
You showed us all these things.
And Lord, we know that which is to come.
We believe we're in the end times, Lord, because of the things that you've already said, even in your word.
And Lord, we're looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
By your stripes, we're whole.
By your stripes, we're well, and we walk in divine health in the name of Jesus.
We take the body now.
Lord, we apply the blood.
We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
We thank you for the blood tonight.
We thank you for the cleansing flow.
We apply the blood, and we thank you, Lord, that it washes us white as snow, and we stay on that little narrow path.
We don't want to be on the wide.
We want to be following you.
We're sold out to you.
And you said, 'Those that seek me will find me,' and we will find you.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that no sickness, no disease, nothing comes nigh us.
Not only that, we believe for divine protection.
Father, you provide for us.
You said that you would provide all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
Some people are believing for Thanksgiving dinner.
Some people are believing for their bills.
Some people are believing for extra because they want to buy Christmas for their kids.
There are so many people with so many needs.
But we know, Father, that you're the great provider, and you'll give us creative ideas to get wealth.
And Father, you said to pray over the Supreme Court Justices, that they would rule in favor of the tariffs.
You said this is what needs to happen.
So we pray over our economy.
We pray for the crypto and the things to turn around.
We pray over the finances for a great outpouring of your supernatural finances in the name of Jesus.
For you said there'll be great shakeouts and great fakeouts.
And I believe we're seeing that right now.
That's my opinion.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we are always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've asked us to do.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we worship you.
Lord, we thank you.
I plead the blood over my eyes, Father.
I apply the blood.
I put anointing oil over me.
And I thank you that my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy follow me.
And I thank you, Lord, that we dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
That we hear and see everything that you have for us.
And I'll not be snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I only see what you want me to see.
And if there's nothing for me to see but you want to share it all, Father, that's fine.
We just love on you, Lord.
We just love on you.
And we thank you for what you showed us even a couple of days ago.
We're so grateful.
We know we can't do any of this without you.
We're solely sold out to you and waiting on you.
We're never in a hurry.
We're always at rest, not in a panic.
There's no performance.
We're not here to perform.
We're here to surrender.
We're not here to perform, Father.
And in that surrender, Father, you become so real that we sit at your feet and we bask in your presence like a big walrus laying on the rock sunbathing.
I just sit there like that, Father.
I just sit in your presence.
I say, 'Oh Lord, I want to be so close to you.
I want to curl up in your lap.
I want to hear your heartbeat.
I want to see, and I want your breath when I'm laying on your chest, Father, to just breathe on me.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me.
Spirit of the Lord, come breathe upon me.
Breath of God, breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Come breathe on us.
Yielding to the spirit, walking in your love.
Jesus, I adore your holy name.
Come breathe upon me.
Breath of God, breathe upon me.
Spirit of the Lord, I thank you, Holy Spirit, that you become so real.
You become so real.
I tried to tell you all how real he is; he's barrel-chested.
I've told you he is amazing.
The outline of him.
Oh Father, oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, I just thank you, Father, that you become real to them.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle, so pure, and so kind.
You shine like a bright morning star.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Father, we are so grateful.
You're so wonderful and you're worthy to be praised, and we enter into your presence with thanksgiving and praise.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you've provided, all that you've done for us, Father, for you are good.
And if you'd never done anything else, Father, at the moment I take my last breath that I get to spend eternity with you, Lord, you've done so much.
At the moment I take my last breath on this earth, to be absent from the body is to be present with you.
For you have paid the ultimate price for all of us to walk in victory, for all of us to walk in boldness and say that the moment we take our last breath, we get to come be with you.
And not only did you give me a place, you made me a mansion.
You provided me a place in glory.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we're so grateful.
Oh Lord, we're so grateful.
For Father, we worship you freely.
We love you.
You're going to see in the days ahead the five-fold ministry like you've never seen it.
I keep hearing it.
You're about to see the prophetic move in a way you've never seen it move before.
True prophetic.
There's been a lot of not true, but a real sold-out prophetic.
It's been too staticky.
But you're about to see the manifestation of the prophetic gifting like it was designed to operate in a greater capacity.
Hold fast to that which I've called you to do.
Hold fast at last, for the manifestations will flow through you.
Hold fast at last, for I am coming for you.
It's time to run.
For it's time to come to the Son.
It's time to come.
No more delay.
For the day is late; the hour is late.
It's all the way around—the glory of your presence.
We people give you reverence.
You've not experienced services; you've not experienced in church services what you're about to experience.
For it will be a grace explosion—something you didn't earn and something you didn't deserve.
What you're about to experience in services where I see Kathryn, they would believe that everyone in the service would be healed.
There's been very few of these, but it will become the norm that everyone who asks will have the manifestation of healing.
You'll have to resist healing not to get it.
It will be like a ripe cherry off a tree; you just walk in it.
The glory, the presence, and the glory of the Lord will be on services so strong that the very atmosphere will be charged.
I'm telling you, demonic forces will flee.
It's the fire shut up in your bones.
It's about you seeing a showing up and showing off like shock and awe.
Shock and awe to the unbelievers.
I see deliverances with people with great demonic strongholds.
Witches coming in to try to mess with the services, and as they come in, they're free from those demonic spirits.
I'm talking about just melting.
When you come into the glory, those devils can't go in there.
They'll be freaking out.
You have a devil going 'Ah!
' and he doesn't want to go in there.
That's what I'm seeing.
He's freaking out and they're pulling back because of the glory.
It's almost like when you go through a portal and that devil can't go in there because of the glory.
There's a place in God the devil dare not go.
There is a place in the glory, and as the people walk in, that devil gets pulled back off of them.
It's like a force field and they're able to come in and they're free.
That's what I'm seeing: people delivered in services.
You see them and they cry, 'Devil, come out!
' It's like they're wrestling; I'm talking about supernatural deliverances.
People walking in without spot or wrinkle.
Spot is demonic oppression; the wrinkles are hidden sin.
Sell out to Him and it will last.
You'll be undone.
You're just sold out; you're wrecked.
The Holy Spirit is all over you.
You're saturated until your cup is overflowing.
Days of heaven on earth.
Oh, Father, we've heard it so much and you tell me to keep saying it.
When, Lord?
For the best thing.
A great shaking is coming.
You'll see it in the churches.
He's purifying the churches—the final touches.
Don't be shocked when you see some of the names that you will see, for I've warned them to come back to me, but they have gone far from me.
They have their agenda using my name and the platform that I gave them.
It will go through Australia like a whirlwind.
A major revival will come to Australia, New Zealand, this area, the deep, deep south.
Even in Canada, watch these days ahead and even in Europe.
The great places in Europe—Rome, the Vatican—He's had enough of it.
For great revival will come to Catholicism, and they will have true repentance.
A true heartfelt turn.
Many good people have been blinded by so much religion, man's theology, and man's ideas.
But this will be just a Holy Spirit movement.
Holy Spirit, have your way.
Have your own way, Lord.
You are the potter; we are the clay.
It's been suppressed and you've been lied to.
You're made to think what they want you to think, but freedom is coming.
It's not about how we structure it; God is going to shake the church to its core.
A great revival will soar; a great revival will flow.
Throughout Europe is bondage.
It's going through the Catholic Church and other churches, but there's been a lot of bondage and abuse of power.
God's bringing liberation to hearts where you have been wounded by the churches.
God's bringing a fresh, clean start.
Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
The Lord wants to give you a fresh, clean start.
As I said, I can't stand religion; I love relationship.
So many men's hermeneutical, theosophical, Pharisee thinking—the way everybody tried to manipulate and twist scripture to make you believe a certain way.
But God wants you to have freedom in Him and a love relationship with Jesus.
The Bible is always a guideline and outline.
But when you read it, you read it freely and it ministers to your spirit.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
But people try to take scripture to manipulate you.
They'll twist it.
There is corruption in the church to manipulate people to do what they think they should do.
But the Lord said He's bringing freedom, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I didn't say be rebellious, but be free in Jesus.
Jesus came to set the captives free.
He didn't come to make religion boring and bound.
It's holy communion, and it's about relationship.
It's about him.
"Come to him, all ye that are heavy laden, and he'll give you rest.
" There are so many people bound by their grandma's religion, but he came to set the captives free.
He wants you to plop down at his feet, sit in his lap, and say, "Daddy, I am broken.
I need help today.
" Not through a priest, not through Mary, but through Jesus.
He is the way, the truth, and the life.
No one comes to the Father except through him.
I want Jesus.
Precious Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that I don't have to have a priest to confess my sins.
I just confess my sins before you because you're making intercession for me.
I say, "Jesus, forgive me.
I've messed up today.
" You have the ability to sit at his feet.
Jesus loves you.
Read the book of Ephesians.
We are joint heirs with Jesus Christ, made in his image, seated with him far above the principalities and powers.
Do you understand?
As he is, so are we in this world.
In him.
Father, I thank you that I can come into your throne room boldly.
I don't have to have a pastor, prophet, teacher, or evangelist; I come before you.
Jesus paid the price for me to do so, for every single one of us.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
The anointing is so strong, but I'm trying to find the vein where he wants me to go.
I see somebody watching right now and you're just weeping before the Lord.
You're sitting on a couch, broken down by religion and people, hurt over and over again.
You're watching me on TV.
Come unto him and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
I am meek and lowly, and my burden is burden is light.
Father, I thank you that your yoke is easy.
Lord, we give you praise.
I don't really know what direction to go.
He's not saying to be still.
I feel the presence just like fire.
It's heat on me.
Thank you, Father, for your glory.
We thank you for the blood, Lord.
We pray over the next week, over all the travelers in America going to family's houses, going to grandma's, going wherever.
We thank you, Father, that you protect the people on the flights and the road travelers, for we are given a time of Thanksgiving.
Father, I thank you that you put a divine hedge around the people, even on Black Friday, against mass casualties through shootings.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over the Christmas shoppers at the Mall of America and the malls all around.
We pray over Atlanta's airport tonight.
We pray a hedge around Atlanta, Houston, and all the airports like LA.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the TSA, the people who check the bags, would be more attentive than ever, that they would be watching and would not be lackadaisical in their jobs.
Father, we pray over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, the tree lighting ceremonies, and the beautiful Christmas events in the days ahead.
We pray a hedge around Australia; it's not just about America.
We pray for Europe and the major events, like the Christmas Eve mass at the Vatican.
Is this Pope Leo's first Christmas Eve mass?
Yes, it is.
We pray a covering over the mass there, Father, that no weapon formed against the people gathered will prosper.
We pray that every single person be protected at sporting events and college events.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels watching over us daily.
We pray over every single event.
There's a protection over us in Jesus' name, over this nation, over our president.
In Jesus' name, we give you glory, honor, and praise.
It's interesting; I've only prayed about 40 minutes.
It's not dry because I feel his presence.
I've been where you feel like you're in a cotton field, but the presence of the Lord tonight is different.
There's just peace.
I feel the peace of God.
I'm praying over these events, but I just feel peace.
He's preparing his people.
He was talking earlier about a major revival again, a major shaking to awaken.
We call the revival forth, calling for the outpouring.
Father, we thank you for it in Jesus' name.
I'll end it there.
I don't feel any pull, so I just keep praying and follow him.
It's not performance.
There is so much performance in church, worrying about what people think.
It's just a real relationship flowing.
At the beginning, I felt the anointing for the altar call to pray for the people and tell them what he said.
I even felt then that I could have ended the video.
It was interesting because I said, "I want to do this and that," and he said, "It's not your channel, it's mine.
You do what I ask, and I'll flow with you.
It's not your suggestion; it's what I say.
" I get it.
He's the potter, I'm the clay.
What do you want today?
I'll do it.
My finances are not mine; they're his.
He blesses me, and if he says, "I want you to help somebody," I do it.
I want to be a vessel that is always open to whatever the Master says.
Even if it doesn't make sense, like Mary said, "Whatever he says to do, do it.
" Just pray and obey.
That's what this channel is about.
I enjoy it.
It's always just a peace and a flow.
If you've never subscribed to the channel, it's different every time.
I always let the Holy Spirit have free reign.
If you could subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, and comment down below.
I really appreciate every single one of you.
There are 5,200 people here right now, and we're so thankful you come out even at this time of night to seek the Lord.
I believe it's a blessing.
We'll be back again tomorrow; I'm going to be more consistent.
I'm praying for this and seeing what the Lord has; I'm excited about it.
I think it's fun and I enjoy it.
So, God bless you all, and I pray that Abba bless you.
Are they still here?
I guess I've answered everything.
They were asking how tall the angels were.
Oh, they were massive.
Those angels that I saw were probably 100 stories high or more.
They were so big, like the new One World Trade Center—they were taller than that.
They filled the sky.
I don't know, maybe like a thousand-story building.
They were massive, and they were as wide as they were tall; they were thick.
Their clothes were the rain, their skin, everything—it was the water.
When you see rainfall from a distance, it was shaped like clothes.
That's the outline of them.
The detail of their garment, the detail of their cloak, or whatever they had on, the rain was darker looking.
The streaks of rain were darker and lighter to provide contrast.
Their gown, which was like a cloak, was a lighter rain color than the darker rain color.
It gave them depth perception; that's how you could tell they were angels.
The streaks of rain gave a depth perception of the outline of their being.
The silhouettes of their clothing looked like robes, but it was all a dark purple color, like streaks of dark rain.
It's so hard to describe the spirit sometimes.
It's a vision, but I try to bring it alive to you.
Pinks, layers of different colors of rain, and streaks.
Does that make sense to you, son?
It's like the fabric of the clothes.
There you go.
Different colors, shades, and depth.
It folded like the crease in my shirt, but it was raining; I could see streaks.
The most bizarre part was what was in the center of them: a huge stream of water that looked so wild.
When you're at a waterfall and it hits the water below, it creates a mist.
It looks like a thickness of water because it's being disturbed, almost like white water from the splashes.
The waterfall makes a stirring.
You can see it as it goes over and hits the water below because the water's moving.
That's the way it was.
As it was coming out of them, the water was disturbed at the bottom as it flowed into the ocean.
The water had force and weight.
You could see the streaks like a real waterfall coming out of their chest.
There was no beginning to the water; it was just pouring out of them and hitting the sea, causing a commotion like Niagara Falls.
There was disruption in the water, but they were water.
Their face was shaped similarly to a hooded cloak, like Little Red Riding Hood.
It comes to a point and folds.
That's how it was on their face; it came to a point like a V.
Behind their face were different dark shades.
I saw blacks and blues where the eyes would be, but you couldn't see any eyes.
It was just one solid color you could get lost in.
There was no face to this.
I don't understand, but you could see the point of the cloak in the rain, how it was all outlined.
It went down like a V, covering where the eyes would be, as if they were looking out over the water.
Then I saw the hands, which were shaped almost skeletal.
That's exactly how it looked.
You couldn't see their eyes, but you could see the V shape cloaked over as they looked down.
Then I heard them say, 'Woe, woe!
' It shot through the land.
'Woe, America, woe!
' I heard it, and it sounded like a tidal wave.
I went, 'Oh no!
' Then I saw their arms pull back.
A long horn was in his hand, and he took both hands and blew it.
A blast came out of it, the earth shook, and I heard the Father say, 'The great and terrible day of the Lord.
' It shook everything.
It sounded like thunder.
His voice sounded like rolling thunder in the atmosphere, like many waters.
It thundered across you; it wasn't just one word, but an echo.
I knew the source of it.
The angels were toward the east, and the voice was above them.
It was loud and sounded like trains or a thundering roar.
It was very ominous and spooky.
When the earth was roaring, it sounded like something out of hell.
Those four angels all looked the same, like they were cookie-cutter, but only one had a horn.
This one was not as strong, but he had the horn.
The southernmost angel, closer to the islands toward the east, was the only one I saw with a horn.
I only heard one blow it.
Isn't that wild?
Did I describe it better?
Hear that thunder?
Abba!
I'm telling you, God shows up for us.
That thunder just goes with it.
All glory to Jesus; He loves us.
Are they asking if I saw anyone else in vision?
No, it was only him, and he was sweating in a panic.
But what was funny is his hair was curly.
It looked like brown reddish curls, but his hair was poofy and it went down to right over his eyes.
Like, there it is.
That's it right there.
I didn't know his hair looked like that.
Yeah.
Well, that's what he looked like in the bunker.
Sometime I think he cut it once before, but his hair looked like that and it was longer.
It was a little poofier and he was sweating.
Isn't that interesting though?
Why him?
Why did I see him in a bunker?
But then I saw people in the side of mountains hiding themselves in the sides of cliffs, and I couldn't see who they were, but there was lots of them.
And the Lord said, "The lust of money.
" What did he say about that, son?
He had such a lust for it, you know.
He said there's such a lust of money; it's a stench to me.
I remember seeing that; amazing Braden remembers all of it.
I was so focused on the angels and not wanting to forget them because I've never seen anything like them before.
All the angels I've ever seen never look like that.
Never.
They always look beautiful and shiny and happy.
These angel things, whatever that was, if they were demons, I don't know what they were.
But I'm going to tell you this: they were spooky.
And I thought, "Whoa, that's not what I thought an angel looked like.
" Rays coming out of...
what is that?
But I knew that it had to be some kind of angel; it was either that or a demon.
But why would a demon be blowing a horn, you know?
I just try to make sense of it.
And you smell the fish.
Oh, I could smell the fish.
It smelled like rotten flesh.
It was the most nauseating smell.
In fact, after the video, my stomach felt sick because of how it made me feel, because I could smell it.
It made me feel gross.
It was so real to me.
You know, your mind is powerful.
And I didn't smell dead fish, but in my spirit, I smelled dead fish.
And the people...
and what I thought was interesting was the disease and the sickness that it brought on the islands because there were sick people lying all over the place.
You know, when you have rotten, decaying fish flesh or whatever, it brings flies and pestilence.
You know, flies are gross and they were eating the maggots...
it's just foul.
Dead fish everywhere, and just like it does anything, nature eats it.
But it's all on the banks; they were everywhere.
And I remember this, I could see in the vision that the government didn't know what to do with all of it on those islands.
"What do we do?
There's no way we can even dispose of this.
There's billions of fish.
" So they just let them sit on the beach because there was literally nothing you could do with all the dead fish, the whales and all this stuff.
So they just let it rot.
You couldn't even scoop it all up.
What were they going to do?
Bury it?
You can't bury that much dead fish.
But it was interesting.
This is something interesting.
And I didn't say the water looked murky.
It had a weird brownish tint to it, a reddish-brown tint that looked similar to blood.
It was a dark murky color like that, dark like ocean blue.
But this looked a weird color as the fish were moving on the waves.
Now, I don't know why, but something happened to the water.
It was different; it looked thicker because of the fact the fish were floating on it and it looked disgusting because they're all sizes of fish.
Little fish, big fish, massive fish and they're all dead and they're moving.
Octopuses.
Yes, everything.
I'm talking all sea life dead, moving.
And it was disgusting.
It was, but what was amazing is as you were looking, it was as far as the eye could see were dead fish.
And then he showed me...
that was the smoke and the volcanoes, and I can keep going over it y'all, but it's just a really, really powerful vision; I've never seen that before.
So, I try to find scripture to back it.
You know, I am always seeing stuff without backing it with the word of God.
You know, where is it in the word?
What is this?
When it comes to visions of warnings and stuff, I know that's not going to be in the Bible.
He shows us things to come.
We can pray over it like the Trump's gold cup and all that, but when it comes to angels and things you're seeing in the end times and dead fish, you're going, "Okay, where's this at in the word?
" "What does this...
show me this in the Bible.
" Because you don't want to get flaky, because it's easy to do.
People get flaky and I don't want to be part of the static.
I just want to flow with the Holy Spirit and bring clarity and be more like Jesus every day.
And I'm telling you, and people miss it.
I'm not here to say I'm perfect.
But I really truly believe that was from the Lord.
Jesus playing his drum and calling the people in.
And I just pray with all my heart you've found him.
He loves you.
He has a plan for your life.
So good.
Nothing else.
I don't answer rude questions or weirdness.
But it's kind of a different video tonight, but it is late.
What are you showing?
You're doing the Ten Commandments.
He's trying to show the Ten Commandments.
It doesn't look like that, son.
It didn't; it was darker.
Right.
Well, because the sea is already dark.
Yes, because it's deep.
Right.
So, it already had a really dark tint of blue because it already is dark blue.
But this looked a weird color.
They're asking if you think it's Wormwood.
It could be.
I didn't hear "Wormwood".
He said, "Great.
" And so what I heard the Lord say was "The great and terrible day of the Lord.
" And so I'd go, "What?
Okay.
Wow.
" You know, the shakings and the awakenings and all the things.
I'm like, man, I don't know.
I think it's just cool.
I just know that when we read the Book of Revelation and we study it and we know what the Bible says is coming, it's hard to fathom with the natural mind seeing what the Book of Revelation says because it's like we're so used to Hollywood; it desensitizes us from things.
But we have a natural...
like the scorpion, the locust coming out of the pit and the four horsemen of the Apocalypse, we can visualize it by our imagination.
But whenever I see what I see, it's the Book of Revelation coming alive in my spirit.
It's no longer just words on a page.
It's coming in my spiritual eye as I read it to renew me.
It's something that I'm seeing in the spirit by the hand of God giving me to show me something that I believe is a glimpse of reality in the near future.
It becomes more than just black and white.
It becomes a vision to me and that's why it's life-changing.
Probably like somebody who goes to Israel and walks the Holy Land and sees where Jesus walked.
The pages become alive to you.
It's no longer you're reading the red and you're hearing about where Jesus walked.
You actually have a tangible experience of seeing the Sea of Galilee.
It's probably what those people that go to Israel...
I've never been to Israel; I've always wanted to.
I'm kind of freaked out about it now with all the stuff going on, but I'm sure that's what it looks like to see the Mount of Olives or those pages become real to you.
It's no longer just black and white and red letters.
It becomes tangible.
When you see the tomb and you say, "This is where Jesus died," and you go, "it's no longer...
this is real.
" That's what it does to me when I have the visitation like that.
It's no longer pages; it's real because I can visualize what's coming in my spirit now.
That's why I try to tell you about the Antichrist over and over again—what I've seen about the chip, the mark, and the satellites that John didn't have the words for.
Nobody knew what that was 2,000 years ago or how this would take place.
How does a sore come on your forehead?
How does that happen?
It's a reaction in the body.
It's interesting; he's seeing a vision and doesn't know what he's seeing because he's seeing so far into the future that the technological advancement has not arrived yet.
Just like Daniel, they don't know what they're seeing, but they're writing it down and being obedient, even if it doesn't make sense to them.
Scorpions with tails, locusts, and all this stuff—they're thinking, "What is all this?
" But it could be drones.
I could hear the drones; they were loud.
They don't know what a drone is, but it looks like a locust.
I saw thousands of drones flying in the sky, all created to track the human race for the Antichrist in the days ahead.
They used them, and it sounds like a buzzing swarm of bees; you knew when they were coming.
There are literally tens of thousands of drones flying in a swarm.
I guarantee if John were here now, he'd say, "That's what I saw.
" They were locusts; they're drones.
The reality of what he saw and wrote in the Word will become reality.
If he were here right now, he'd say, "I'm telling y'all, his drones were what I saw," or helicopters, or jets, and he'd be amazed.
The prophetic is very interesting to me.
The more I grow and the more He shows me, I'm just thankful that He visits.
God bless you all.
I pray this video blessed you tonight.
Thank you for sticking around with me and just listening and talking.
I love you all.
Thank you for your support and for praying with me.
We'll keep praying.
I didn't have many fun things for you tonight, but I'm not here to perform.
I just show you what Jesus says.
God bless you all.
Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.